Added license protection report (#7287)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-analytics-and-reports/teams-reporting-reference.md

|[Teams PSTN minute pools report](pstn-minute-pools-report.md) |  Country or region<br>Capability (license) <br>Total minutes<br>Minutes used<br>Minutes available|
|[Teams PSTN usage report - Calling Plans](pstn-usage-report.md#calling-plans)|  Time stamp<br>User name<br>Phone number<br>Call type <br>Called to<br>To country or region <br>Called from <br>From country or region<br>Charge<br>Currency<br>Duration<br>Domestic/International<br>Call ID<br>Number type<br>Country or region<br>Conference ID<br>Capability (license)|
|[Teams PSTN usage report - Direct Routing](pstn-usage-report.md#direct-routing)  |  Time stamp<br>Display name<br>SIP address<br>Phone number <br>Call type<br>Called to<br>Start time<br>Invite time<br>Failure time<br>End time<br>Duration<br>Number type<br>Media bypass<br>SBC FQDN<br>Azure region<br>Event type<br>Final SIP code<br>Final Microsoft subcode<br>Final SIP phrase<br>Correlation ID  |

> |[Teams information protection license report - Direct Routing](information-protection-license-report.md#direct-routing)  | <br>Whether user has valid license to push their messages via change notification</br><br>Total no of change notification events trigerred by a user</br><br>What apps are listening to org-wide change notification events</br>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Teams information protection license report - Direct Routing](information-protection-license-report.md#direct-routing)  | <br>Whether users have valid licenses to push their messages via change notifications</br><br>Total number of change notification events trigerred by a user</br><br>What apps are listening to org-wide change notification events</br>|
```
